c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\ScheduleOfFaculty.dll
C:\Users\Karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\ScheduleOfFaculty.pdb
C:\Users\Karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\obj\Debug\ScheduleOfFaculty.dll
C:\Users\Karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\obj\Debug\ScheduleOfFaculty.pdb
C:\Users\Karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\obj\Debug\KendoUIMvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Karen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KendoUIMvcApplication1\KendoUIMvcApplication1\bin\DocX.dll
